Clarify the analysis technique used by Kani (#2195)
model-checking/kani: docs/src/getting-started.md

# Getting started

> Kani is an open-source verification tool that uses model checking to analyze Rust programs.

Reviewer: Suggestion: I think it would be nice to add a link (reference) here for model checking. Imagine a developer that has never really try or heard of it before. I don't have any great suggestions on what we could point here, but perhaps something even more general like this [article](https://www.amazon.science/publications/model-checking-as-a-human-endeavor).

Reviewer 2: +1

Reviewer 3: I like the article idea, and that is a great article to mention here, but I would also suggest something more basic that explains what model checking is.

Reviewer 4: I couldn't find a good resource that is basic enough. I recall we've discussed having a section that explains the basics of model checking and other automated reasoning technologies in the past, but I couldn't find an issue related to it. Maybe https://github.com/model-checking/kani/issues/1562?

Reviewer 2: Why not the [wikipedia page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Model_checking)?

Reviewer 5: We do have the [gentle introduction to automated reasoning](https://www.amazon.science/blog/a-gentle-introduction-to-automated-reasoning), which to me as a beginner, is easier to read and understand than the wikipedia page.

Reviewer 5: I agree with @adpaco-aws too that we should add a page about the basics of model checking in the future.

Author: I instead opted to link to our own `tool-comparison.md`.

Kani is particularly useful for verifying unsafe code in Rust, where many of the Rust’s usual guarantees are no longer checked by the compiler.
Some example properties you can prove with Kani include memory safety properties (e.g., null pointer dereferences, use-after-free, etc.), the absence of certain runtime errors (i.e., index out of bounds, panics), and the absence of some types of unexpected behavior (e.g., arithmetic overflows).
Kani can also prove custom properties provided in the form of user-specified assertions.

> Many of these properties are undecidable in the general case.

Reviewer 2: I feel this is a bit too heavy for the getting started section. I suggest we move it to the [the comparison with other tools section](https://model-checking.github.io/kani/tool-comparison.html) or paraphrase it a bit, e.g.:
```
Kani may not be able to solve all properties, in which case it may not terminate or may run out of memory.
Otherwise, Kani will either prove the property, or find a trace that leads to the violation of the property (e.g. the failure of an assertion).
```

Reviewer 3: +1 to moving this to a different section. I was also wondering if we should call out here that the proof is under some constraints and add a link to the limitations section.

Reviewer 4: +1 to moving it.

This paragraph should focus on what Kani *can* do, as opposed to what it *cannot* do. All tools have their limitations and it's OK with me to explain it in other sections, but we should keep it brief in order to keep readers engaged.

Author: I have removed the mention of "undecidable," and generalised the link to the Limitations section so as not to link into just a subsection.

As Kani uses model checking, Kani will either prove the property, disprove the

> property (with a counterexample), or may run out of resources.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
property (providing you with a trace showing what input led to the property violation), or may run out of resources.
```
I wonder if "trace" is more familiar to the reader than "counterexample"?

Reviewer 3: I don't mind counterexample, since we are talking about what not how. Trace is one way of representing a counterexample. We also offer the concrete playback in which case the counterexample will be represented as a unit test.

Reviewer 5: I think I like counterexample but not as a technical word, just as a phrase i.e `disprove the property (with the example that fails a proof)` or may run out of resources. Too many technical words in a blog causes reading fatigue imo.
